Site Info - Nlb.by
Overview of web technologies used by Nlb.by.

Website Background

Национальная библиотека Беларуси
Description on Homepage

Top 1m among all websites
Popularity rank


Content Management System

Bitrix Site Manager is a content management system based on PHP or ASP.NET.

Bitrix

Server-side Programming Language

PHP is a scripting language for creating websites.

PHP

Client-side Programming Language

JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, often used within web pages.

JavaScript

JavaScript Libraries

jQuery is a JavaScript library that simplifies HTML document traversing, event handling, animating and Ajax interaction. Originally developed by John Resig.

jQuery 1.12.4

Modernizr is a JavaScript library that detects HTML5 and CSS3 features in the visitors browser.

Modernizr

Web Server

Nginx (pronounced as "engine X") is a lightweight open source web server developed by Igor Sysoev.

Nginx 1.22.1

SSL Certificate Authority

GlobalSign is an IT security service provider, also operating as SSL certificate authority.

GlobalSign

JavaScript Content Delivery Networks

Google Hosted Libraries (formerly called Google Libraries API) is a content distribution network for the most popular, open-source JavaScript libraries, provided by Google.

Google Hosted Libraries
used on a subdomain

Yandex Libraries Hosting provides hosted JavaScript libraries, provided by Yandex.

Yandex Libraries Hosting
used on a subdomain

Traffic Analysis Tools

Yandex.Metrica is a free web analytics system combining customizable reporting tools with behavioral analytics.

Yandex.Metrica

Google Analytics is a free service to get detailed statistics about the visitors of a website, provided by Google. This includes the Ads conversion tracking and the Floodlight services.

Google Analytics
used on a subdomain

Advertising Network

The Google Advertising network consists of AdSense, DoubleClick and other services.

Google Ads
used on a subdomain

Tag Manager

The Google Tag Manager is a Google service to support webmasters to manage tags on their websites.

Google Tag Manager
used on a subdomain

Site Elements

External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.

External CSS

Embedded Cascading Style Sheets define a set of style rules in a <style> element within a web page.

Embedded CSS

Inline Cascading Style Sheets define style rules directly within an (X)HTML element using the style attribute.

Inline CSS

Session cookies are temporary cookies, which are deleted when the user closes the browser.

Session Cookies

Persistent cookies with an expiration time between 1 month and 1 year.

Cookies expiring in months

HttpOnly cookies are used only in the HTTP protocol and not in client side scripts, which may increase security.

HttpOnly Cookies

Non-HttpOnly cookies are used in the HTTP protocol and also in client side scripts, which may be a security threat.

Non-HttpOnly Cookies

Secure cookies are used only via an encrypted connections, which may increase security.

Secure Cookies

Non-secure cookies may be used via an unencrypted connections, which may be a security threat.

Non-Secure Cookies

Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.

Gzip Compression

HTTP/2 is the second major version of the HTTP network protocol.

HTTP/2
used until recently

HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS) defines a mechanism enabling web sites to declare themselves accessible only via secure connections.

HTTP Strict Transport Security
used until recently

The websites redirects visitors to use SSL encryption, e.g. from http://example.com/ to https://example.com/.

Default protocol https
used until recently

Structured Data Formats

The Open Graph protocol, originally developed by Facebook, is an RDFa-based format that enables any web page to become a rich object in a social graph.

Open Graph

JSON-LD (JavaScript Object Notation for Linked Data) is a method of encoding Linked Data using JSON.

JSON-LD

Microdata is a specification to integrate metadata within existing content on web pages.

Microdata
used on inner pages

Markup Language

HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.

HTML5

Character Encoding

UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.

UTF-8

Image File Formats

PNG (Portable Network Graphics) is a lossless compression image format, suitable to store graphics with uniformly colored areas, and originally introduced as a free, open-source successor of GIF.

PNG

JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group) is a lossy compression method suitable to store photographic images.

JPEG

Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) is an XML-based vector image format.

SVG

GIF (Graphics Interchange Format) is a lossless compression image format, originally introduced by CompuServe and suitable to store graphics, logos and simple animations.

GIF

Top Level Domain

Belarus

.by

Server Location

Belarus

Content Language

Russian